feat: adding date formatter project for new JS curriculum (#52088)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-the-date-object-by-building-a-date-formatter/65389de504d0f2ca10e92a57.md

---
id: 65389de504d0f2ca10e92a57
title: Step 23
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-23
---

# --description--

Inside the `case` for `mm-dd-yyyy-h-mm`, set the `textContent` property of `currentDateParagraph` to `${month}-${day}-${year} ${hours} Hours ${minutes} Minutes`.

# --hints--

> You should assign `${month}-${day}-${year} ${hours} Hours ${minutes} Minutes` inside the `textContent` property of the `currentDateParagraph` constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should assign `${month}-${day}-${year} ${hours} Hours ${minutes} Minutes` to the `textContent` property of `currentDateParagraph`.
```
